# Completed my first week in SF…

**URL**: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/aayush-maheshwari_completed-my-first-week-in-sf-1-word-to-activity-7234084367877226496-EWnp
**Post ID**: 7234084367877226496
**Posted**: 2024-08-27T06:28:36.090Z

## Content

> Completed my first week in SF…
>
> 1 word to describe it: INTENSE
>
> The last week has been immensely challenging:
>
> - setting up a new base
> - meeting 3-4 people daily
> - doing 1 event at least for 3 days/week
> - Cooking, cleaning, laundry and a lot more 
>
> Finding momemntum is hard when you move to a new city
>
> But people here have made it easier 🫡
>
> Today has been super fun as well, my morning started with an early meeting with Tom Allegretti Jr. 
>
> He shared some amazing insights: 
>
> 1. HR tech Consolidation: Companies want all-in-one HR tools to optimize costs and efficiency. (Pain killer vs vitamin)
>   
> 2. Automation Hesitation: Small teams resist automating minor tasks due to tight budgets. (Economic downturn)
>
> 3. Integrated Solutions: Businesses prefer multifunctional tools over cheaper, single-purpose options. (More with less concept)
>
> Ended the day by doing a founder mixer organised by Daivik Goel. 
>
> The AI hype is real, most founders I spoke with were using AI to build something.
>
> A key focus/ trend is around AI knowledge management for customer facing teams.
>
> I am also writing an article around this, and if you want to read it lmk will share when done. 
>
> Tomorrow is pretty long, travelling to 3 different cities for 3 meetings 🚀
>
> Wish me luck (I need it) 
>
> P.s over the weekend I visited Berkley and saw the Oppenheimer physics lab 🤯

## Snapshots

```json
[
  {
    "snapshot_date": "2026-04-19",
    "total_reactions": 49,
    "comments": 8,
    "reposts": 0,
    "reactions": {
      "LIKE": 43,
      "EMPATHY": 5,
      "PRAISE": 1
    }
  }
]
```
